N2 Publishing produces neighborhood print publications that create a sense of community and support local businesses.

-   Lead developer on a team that created a Rails application that tracks and progresses publications through the entire print process by utilizing digital press APIs until they are ultimately shipped to increase efficiency and gather insight.
-   Migrated legacy custom infrastructure provisioning solution to Ansible.
-   A maintainer of a large, legacy, order entry and payment application that was built using Ruby on Rails in an Agile environment. Some of the larger features I have completed include refactoring how commissions are determined, scoping the application to handle different publication products with separate business rules and production schedules, refactoring the old API for payment processing, analyzing and fixing performance issues, and upgrading the app to a more modern version of Ruby and Rails. Some of my other responsibilities include reviewing, merging, and deploying code changes, and investigating bug tickets.
-   Developed tested features for a new publication management system, that utilizes Ruby on Rails, which tracks publications' design status, aid communication between clients and ad designers, increase productivity, and decrease costs.
-   Lead developer on a team that rewrote the public facing website([​n2pub.com​](https://​n2pub.com​)) using design mock-ups and Ruby on Rails that exceeded everyone’s expectations including the CEO's.
-   In conjunction with our user experience designer, created and continue to maintain a front-end style guide Ruby gem to document and centralize the design language throughout N2’s apps ([n2publishing.github.io/n2-styles](https://n2publishing.github.io/n2-styles)).
-   Created and continue to maintain a Ruby gem for managing single sign-on and off for all of N2’s distributed systems. Also created and continue to maintain a Ruby wrapper for Absorb's Learning Management System REST API.
-   Completed a year-long in-house leadership training course.
