N2 Publishing produces neighborhood print publications that create a sense of community and support local businesses.

-   Lead developer on a team that created a Rails application that tracks and progresses publications through the entire print process until they are ultimately shipped to increase efficiency and metrics.
-   A maintainer of a large client order entry and payment application that was built using Ruby on Rails in an Agile environment. Some of my responsibilities include refactoring how commissions are determined, scoping the application to handle different publication products with separate rules and production schedules, updating the old API for payment processing, and reviewing, merging, and deploying code changes.
-   Developed features for a new publication management system, that utilizes Ruby on Rails, which tracks publications' design status, assist communication between clients and ad designers, help increase productivity, and decrease costs.
-   Lead developer on a team that rebuilt and deployed a refresh of the public facing website(https://​n2pub.com​) using design mock-ups and Ruby on Rails that exceeded everyone’s expectations including the CEO's.
-   In conjunction with our user experience designer, created and continue to maintain a front-end style guide Ruby gem to document and centralize the design language throughout N2’s apps (https://n2publishing.github.io/n2-styles).
-   Created and maintain a Ruby gem for managing single sign-on and off for N2’s distributed systems. Also created and maintain a Ruby wrapper for Absorb's Learning Management System REST API.
-   Completed a year-long in-house leadership training course.
